all right hi this is instructional video
for the song turn your eyes upon Jesus
originally written by Helen H lemon I
think for this song I'll be playing the
chorus and I'll be teaching it in the
key of D so what you can do for this
just discourage the Klotz involved would
be versity turn your eyes over here
there is us so that's from your D you
just need a ring finger on the third
fret of your second string and your
index and your middle finger will go to
the second fret of your 4th and 3rd
string respectively there's a a sus
let's turn your eyes upon at the pond
that's where you get to this card over
here
so this is something like a seven over
here that is your power place and my
middle finger on the second fret of your
fourth string and your ring finger will
be on the second fret of your second
string and your index finger will be on
the first fret of your fifth string upon
Jesus here B minor chord so this is
basically your ring and your last finger
on the fourth fret of your often flat
string your middle finger would be on
the third fret of your second string and
your index finger you can bar the second
fret from the fifth string down
so Jesus upon Jesus look full to G in
his wonderful to your email so for this
a minor notice I leave my ring my last
finger on the 1st and 2nd string 3rd
fret wonderful face over here player a7
sorry
a sus to an a7 so a7 is basically a a
without the middle finger or you can
leave the first ring free
3:7 and the things the things of Earth -
you're a maurices things of SS will grow
grow this is where you get to you're a 7
with a B flat piece over here
we must finally be done the same thing
will grow strangely B minor
strangely dim in Turkey in the light D
of his glory
you're aces no we and as we go to your
a7 and increase okay so for this song is
played somewhat in a 3-4 be so
distracted I'll be using for most a song
will be just down down down don't know
to next fall so that's why
two three so this house off like 1 2 3
down up to 8 1 2 at the foot beat that's
where you get to your this is a 750 flat
piece 3 and B minor one
to be minor to ISA ISA is us 1 2 3 D 7 2
3 D 2
ace he says sorry one two at the thud
beat that's where you get to you're a 74
B base B flat base three B minor one two
three G
nice ass too so on the three that's why
I get you a seven and grace
so with the singing this house I was
like three
you can go to a sauce if you want to
repeat the verse of the chorus again two
three
and so on so that's basically the whole
song I hope this video helps